add skipi instruction (#964)
hugsy/gef: docs/commands/skipi.md

## Command `skipi`

The `skipi` command allows you to easily skip instructions execution.

```
skipi [LOCATION] [--n NUM_INSTRUCTIONS]
```

> `LOCATION` address/symbol from where to skip	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`LOCATION` address/symbol from where to skip (default is `$pc`)
```

> `--n NUM_INSTRUCTIONS` Instead of skip one instruction executions, skip the specified number of instructions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--n NUM_INSTRUCTIONS` Skip the specified number of instructions instead of the default 1.
```
